Okay.
So we have our first end points.
We do some interesting things already, but we need to keep in mind also the long term of the application,
even during the course we are going to to create many end points and we need to keep things clean and
organized.
One of the things I want to do is to change a bit the way we are using.
So this kind of API design is very specific to J to Java and I want to use underscores instead of the
camel case to identify the API request body.
How can I do that?
How can I do that in this in this context?
There is one option.
Okay.
I could go to the user class that I have here.
I can go to.
First name.
And I can say Jason property.
First thing.
And for the last time, I can say.
Jason property.
Last time.
Okay.
And this will work.
If I run the application.
If I register the user again, I have my I.D..
Okay.
84.
This works.
And I see that the application also changed the output response.
So here we see already one problem of this approach is that by changing the request.
You are also changing the response.
And sometimes you want this.
In this case, it's moving from camel case to underscore.
So you could want this, but sometimes you don't.
And this is the problem of this approach.
So I roll back this change, okay?
I will stop my application.
I will roll back this this change.
And I.
Just remove the import and I will go to my controller.
What I am going to do now is to use a feature of Java 14.
That's the main one of the main reason why we're using also Java 17 is to have all of these good features.
I'm going to use the record
and I'm going to create the register request.
And this is what usually is called a you.
Okay.
I'll do it.
Uh.
Four pack book presentation mode.
So I want records.
Register requests.
This is usually called ed.
You is a very famous button.
It stands for data transfer object.
Uh, I think it comes from a book from Martin Fowler.
It is a good reference in software design, but it's the idea that you, when you need to transfer objects
between applications, sometimes even between layers of applications, you create an object that whose
only responsibility is to transfer data between those applications.
Okay.
And this is what we are going to do.
And records are very good for that.
So what I want to say is that my register request.
He's going to have a strong first name.
String last name.
String email and string passwords.
Okay.
And.
This has the same problem.
First name, it's Java camel case.
So in JSON it will be also um, java camel case.
So I will use here the jaison property to say that I want this.
To be first time.
And I want this.
To be listening.
Like that.
Okay.
And usually when you are registering a user, you don't put just the password.
You put the password and the confirmation of the password to avoid any mistakes that you might do.
So I'm going to add this here already.
Password.
Confirm.
And I will also change the name of this
Jason property.
I call it passwords.
Go for?
Okay.
Excuse the long string.
I will break this down to make it easier to read.
It's okay.
So this is my records that will be the mapping for this.
Okay.
So now the next step is to say register requests.
And this would be my user.
And all these matter no longer knows, because this safe method takes a user user from the database.
It's not the request.
So I will also change here the name for register requests.
And what I will do is here we created the factory method.
User of.
And I will use first name register requests.
First name.
Register request.
Last name.
The request email.
Rooster request, buster.
Okay.
And this is my.
This is my implementation so I can leave.
This.
I will ask my application again.
I will go to postman.
I will send the request again.
And it.
It works.
So I don't have anything here.
The user is mapped to the database.
But by spring.
I don't have.
I'm not naming properties here.
I'm naming this in my ditto object.
You could extract this to to a separate file if you want.
Personally, for Java records, I use this syntax.
Okay.
I'm just, uh, remove the indentation here.
For Java records, I really prefer to have this close to the to the end point is a very concise syntax.
So I prefer to have it here than to do with somewhere else.
And we can do.
We can do the same for the response so we can have record.
Uh, response.
Uh, request, um.
Register response.
And the era we have.
Pretty much the same thing until.
This.
Hey.
I don't want to send my password back.
I just want to, um.
I just want to send the information.
First name, last name and email.
That's all I want to return.
So I.
Return here.
Register response.
Okay.
And they will have to change.
This will create for user articles this.
Go swimming again.
Var user.
Okay.
And I still have to return, so I will do return here.
The Register response.
I need to create a new registered, responsible, new registered response.
User.
It was time.
Get last name user get email.
And finally.
User.
And it's.
It's.
Yeah.
Nothing more to add.
Uh, no.
I want to return the ID for the moment.
Long and.
So user.
Heidi.
Okay.
So this is.
Why?
It is a main reason why we use videos.
It's because we want to to split.
Most of the times we want to have requests different from the response.
And a record is really a clean way of, uh, of doing this.
It's.
It's compact, it's concise.
So this is the reason why we are using it.
So I'm going to restart the application.
Going to send a new register request.
And this time I have my first, first lust I.D. and email.
I have it here.
Okay.
Now I have the rock record as I want with the information I want, which is different from this one.